Update docs (#400)
nf-core/mhcquant: README.md

### Additional Steps

Additional functionality contained by the pipeline currently includes:

#### Quantification (`QUANT` subworkflow)

When enabled with `--quantify`, the pipeline performs label-free quantification:

- **Alignment**: Corrects retention time distortions between runs (`MAP_ALIGNMENT` subworkflow)
  - Corrects retention time distortions between runs (`MapAlignerIdentification`)
  - Applies retention time transformations to runs (`MapRTTransformer`)
- **Feature Processing**: Detects and processes features (`PROCESS_FEATURE` subworkflow)
  - Detects features in MS1 data based on peptide identifications (`FeatureFinderIdentification`)
  - Group corresponding features across label-free experiments (`FeatureLinkerUnlabeledKD`)
  - Resolves ambiguous annotations of features with peptide identifications (`IDConflictResolver`)

#### Spectrum Library Generation (`SPECLIB` subworkflow)

When enabled with `--generate_speclib`, the pipeline generates spectrum libraries suitable for DIA-based searches:

- Convert PSMs and spectra to appropriate formats (`EasyPQP Convert`)
- Generate sample-specific spectrum libraries (`EasyPQP Library`)

> - When combined with global FDR mode, creates global spectrum libraries across all samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled with `--generate_speclib`, the pipeline generates spectrum libraries suitable for DIA-based searches. Outputs one library per sample or a single library across all samples (if global FDR mode is enabled with `--global_fdr`).
```
